that was so cool man the way you leaned
on that guy that is starting to get dark
out there he told you everything I mean
you totally cracked it yeah well being
ah he was the victim they're usually
pretty talkative okay but it is
officially nighttime all right Gary you
want me to grab the Barry for you it's
called the cherry
let's cut Chandler
okay I got it
this place makes the best sandwich in
the world hey Joe does it have meatballs
on it oh yeah yeah there's that melted
cheese and marinara sauce y'all yeah you
can't eat that in my car yeah okay
you know my tax dollars paid for this
car
your tax dollars yeah okay
wowthat's sandwich really does smell
good did I say you could smell it I
can't smell your sandwich half the taste
is in the smell you're sucking up all
the taste units
okay I'll give them back what is so
great about that sandwich okay imagine
the best sex you ever had
okay are you thinking about Monica yeah
yeah what's that like really going next
this witness won't return my call so
we're gonna see if we could surprise him
coming home surprise him we're not we're
not gonna make anybody mad are we come
on man
this is how you're gonna squeeze the
perp shoes a little bit before you the
lawyers up it's a witness not a perp and
no one talks like that yeah no one talks
like that what like you're mr. cop
hey I'm more cop than you too how do you
figure that
hello I'm in the front seat okay I'm
Gary's partner you know when you say
partner doesn't sound cop
it sounds gay
jealous hey do you mind we're undercover
here oh yeah no problem
Ross sorry sorry
hey Gary who my fun home
look at officer Ross riding back here
with the visitors
yeah what's up with that Serpico okay
you know we're safe right I mean nothing
Bad's gonna go down no but that reminds
me sign this what is it it's nothing
just says you can't sue the city if you
scrape your knee or you know get your
head blown off Oh hurry up I want to
sign that okay here he comes what is he
doing what the hell is he doing what
what what what is it is everything okay
what's going on okay he sees this don't
move don't look at him
it's okay it was just a car backfire Hey
look at that you tried to save your
buddy see that you see what he did okay
now uh huh
thanks Joey
uh hello